Schema UI and CSV Export expected difference (#7415)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/schema/destination-data-control.md

6. Once the file status column indicates that the download was successful, click the **Download CSV** link to download your CSV to your computer. If the file status column shows that the download has failed, return to the Source Schema page and try the download again.<br/> The Source Schema CSV name has the following format:<br/>`workspaceSlug-sourceSlug-schemaType--yyyy-mm-dd--hh-mm-utc`

> info "All events and properties are now included in the CSV file"
> When you export a Source Schema, all events and properties are included in the CSV file regardless of the filters or search parameters currently applied to the Source Schema view.

> ## Understanding the Difference Between Schema UI and CSV Export
> 
> When exporting a CSV from the Schema UI, it's important to note a key difference in how event data is structured:
> 
> - In the Schema UI, all instances of a unique event name are grouped into a single row, regardless of the different properties associated with that event.
> - In the CSV file, each unique combination of an event name and its tracked properties appears as a separate row.
> 
> This behavior is intentional and provides greater granularity, allowing you to see how different properties are tracked for the same event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Difference between Schema UI and CSV Export

When exporting a CSV from the Schema UI, there are differences in how event data is structured:

- In the Schema UI, all instances of a unique event name are grouped into a single row, regardless of the different properties associated with that event.
- In the CSV file, each unique combination of an event name and its tracked properties appears as a separate row.

This allows you to see how Segment tracks different properties for the same event.
```
